feat(sveltekit): Document new `wrapServerRouteWithSentry` wrapper (#10990)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/javascript/guides/sveltekit/manual-setup.mdx

};
```

#### Configure Client-side `fetch` Instrumentation

<Note>

Available since version `7.91.0`

</Note>

> The `sentryHandle` function you added to your `handle` hook in `hooks.server.ts` during [server-side setup](#server-side-setup) injects a small inline `<script>` tag into the HTML response of the server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `sentryHandle` function you added to your `handle` hook in `hooks.server.ts` during [server-side setup](#server-side-setup) injects an inline `<script>` tag into the HTML response of the server.
```

});
```

#### Instrument Server Routes

<Note>

> Available since `8.24.0`

Author: Reminder for myself to double check that this is the actual version

Reviewer: seems like it's [8.25.0](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-javascript/pull/13284)

> Available since `8.24.0`

Author: ```suggestion
Available since `8.25.0`
```

</Note>

You can also manually instrument [server (API) routes ](https://kit.svelte.dev/docs/routing#server) with the SDK.

> This is useful if you have custom server routes that you want to trace or if you want to capture `error()` calls within your server routes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is useful if you have custom server routes that you want to trace or if you want to capture `error()` calls within your server routes:
```

```javascript {filename:+server.js} {1,3}
import { wrapServerRouteWithSentry } from "@sentry/sveltekit";

export const GET = wrapServerRouteWithSentry(async () => {
  // your endpoint logic
  return new Response("Hello World");
});
```

> ```typescript {filename:+server.ts} {1,3}

Reviewer: Why is this duplicated for ts and js?

Author: because you can use JS and TS simultaneously in SvelteKit. But most of these snippets have no TS-specific syntax, so it might be better to switch to a shared `filename.(js|ts)` snippet

Author: I'm realizing, we're a bit inconsistent with the languages and even diverge a bit. I'll dedupe the snippets.

Author: Opened an additional PR because I streamlined some other things while removing the TS stuff: https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-docs/pull/11038
